annot: Melt 1 spoon butter
ACTID: 0
PRED: melt
[DOBJ, food] 1 spoon butter (-1)
annot: cook some chopped onions in a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some chopped onions (-1)
[PP, food, in] a pan (0)
annot: Add the cooked onion and some ground meat in a bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cooked onion (1), some ground meat (-1)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add beaten egg and some salt with chopped green onions
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] beaten egg (-1), some salt (-1)
[PP, food, with] chopped green onions (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Add some barbecue sauce and tomato sauce to the mixture
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some barbecue sauce (-1), tomato sauce (-1)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (3)
annot: Add some soy sauce and milk
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some soy sauce (-1), milk (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Prepare some buttered bread crumbs
ACTID: 6
PRED: prepare
[DOBJ, food] some buttered bread crumbs (-1)
annot: add to the mixture
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (6)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (5)
annot: mix everything together by hand
ACTID: 8
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] everything (7)
[PP, other, by] together hand (-1)
annot: Fill a baking pan with the mixture
ACTID: 9
PRED: fill
[DOBJ, location] a baking pan (-1)
[PP, food, with] the mixture (8)
annot: Prepare some sauce by mixing ketchup and bbq sauce
ACTID: 10
PRED: prepare
[DOBJ, food] some sauce (-1)
annot: Spread a little mixed sauce on top of the meat
ACTID: 11
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] a little mixed sauce (10)
[PP, food, on] top of the meat (9)
annot: cook in oven for 30 minutes
ACTID: 12
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (11)
[PP, location, in] oven (-1)
[PP, other, for] 30 minutes (-1)
annot: Take it out
ACTID: 13
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] it (12)
annot: spread the rest of the sauce
ACTID: 14
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] the rest of the sauce (10)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: cook for another 30 minutes
ACTID: 15
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food]  (14)
[PP, other, for] another 30 minutes (-1)
annot: season the meat with chopped parsley leaves
ACTID: 16
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the meat (15)
[PP, food, with] chopped parsley leaves (-1)